terms and condition
By accessing any part of this website you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions which you should read carefully. 

CareerGuide.com may change these conditions at any time without any prior notice. By your continued access and use of this website, you agree to be bound by the latest version of the site terms and conditions. Please check these periodically for any changes that may have been made. 

1. Disclaimer
We use our reasonable endeavors to ensure the accuracy of the information provided on the CareerGuide.com service. 
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability or legality of any of the information contained in the CareerGuide.com, 
We makes no warranty that the contents of this site are free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties. 
Reserves the right, at its discretion, from time to time to make changes to the information provided on the CareerGuide.com service, or to alter the nature of the CareerGuide.com service. 
Will not be liable to you under any circumstances whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages arising from your use of the CareerGuide.com service. 
Will not guarantee the availability of the CareerGuide.com service during maintenance of the website. Will not be responsible for the site content provided by advertisers including product/service performance claims, advertisement and/or sales promotions is the sole responsibility of such advertisers and they alone shall be liable for all disputes and liabilities arising therefrom and CareerGuide.com will in no way be responsible for it. CareerGuide.com and its affiliates, associates, agents or employees shall not be liable, at any time for any damages (including, damages for loss of profits or loss of business) arising in contract, or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site, or any of its contents, or from any act(s) or omission(s) a result of using the Site or any such contents or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the site. 
Has compiled data from a variety of sources on this website and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. CareerGuide.com may make any other changes to the site, the materials and the products, programs, services or prices (if any) described in the site at any time without notice. 
You are therefore advised to check the information provided to you through the CareerGuide.com service as any reliance that you place on the accuracy of that information is at your own risk. While users are offered free access to CareerGuide.com service, CareerGuide.com reserves the right to discontinue these free promotions at any time and with no notice given.
2. Restriction on Use of the CareerGuide.com Service
Users are permitted to read, print or download text, data and/or graphics from the site, for their personal and non-commercial use only. Any copies of these pages saved to disk or to any other storage medium be only used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use. 
You may not integrate the CareerGuide.com service into another internet/extranet except through our permission in writing from our customer relations department. Unauthorised access, redistribution, transmission and/or dealing with any information contained in this site, re- production in any other manner, either in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited, failing which strict legal action will be initiated against such users. You may not use automated scripts, software, spiders or any other automated means to perform searches on CareerGuide.com. Any attempt to extract or download significant amounts of data from CareerGuide.com or to compile a database from data obtained from CareerGuide.com is strictly forbidden. Please call our customer relations department on 011 66487704 or e-mail: info@careerguide.com for more information about such access. You are only entitled to use the information provided on the CareerGuide.com service in responsible ways and this information may not be used in any malicious, illegal or anti-social activity. We reserve the right to suspend any accounts where a user has supplied CareerGuide.com with a false information.
3. Intellectual Property
The data and information contained on the CareerGuide.com service, the software used to operate it and the trade marks, logos and other intellectual property used in connection with it are the property of CareerGuide.com No licence of any such intellectual property rights is granted to you as a result of your use of the CareerGuide.com service.
4. The Rights of CareerGuide.com
Send you e-mails relating to your registration, purchase and account, including site upgrades. Keep a log file of all searches, which can be made available to data subjects and/or the law enforcement authorities.
5. Cookies
By accessing our Site, you permit us to put our cookies on your hard disc subject. You may, if you please, refuse cookies sent by us.
6. Hyper Text Links to Third Party Sites
CareerGuide.com may provide, through this Site, links to Web sites operated by others. If you decide to visit any linked site, you will be doing so at your sole risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. CareerGuide.com makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that CareerGuide.com or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of CareerGuide.com.
7. Information Provided By Users
You agree that any material, information, and ideas that you transmit to this site shall become the property of CareerGuide.com No Transmissions shall be treated as confidential and proprietary and CareerGuide.com shall be under no obligation with regard to such information and shall be free to use, disclose, reproduce or distribute it to others without restriction. CareerGuide.com shall also be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever. You further agree that CareerGuide.com may use information about your demographics and use of this site in any manner. You agree, and are hereby put on notice, that you are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under law. You are solely responsible for the content of any comments you make. CareerGuide.com does not solicit information from you for hosting on the website. Any information you send is sent so by you voluntarily and so CareerGuide.com is not liable to pay you any consideration for hosting the information sent.
8. Indemnity
In consideration of posting the information sent by users on our website or obtained through the means of a cookie or sent by users; Users undertake to indemnify CareerGuide.com and keep it indemnified against all proceedings, claims, expenses and liabilities whatsoever which may be taken or made against or incurred by CareerGuide.com or by reasons of the premises.
9. Endorsements
All Product and Services marks contained herein that are not CareerGuide.com or CareerGuide.com marks are the trademarks of their respective owners. References that we make to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or information do not, unless otherwise indicated, constitute or imply our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service.
10. Jurisdiction as per Indian Laws
These conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian laws. All disputes are subject to jurisdiction of the courts of New Delhi, India. This website can be accessed from any place around the world. However, by accessing this website you agree that the laws of India, without regard to rules relating to conflict of laws, will apply to all matters relating to your use of this website. Users of this website accessing it from places outside of India acknowledge that they do so voluntarily and are responsible for complying with local laws. CareerGuide.com reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, at the sole discretion of CareerGuide.com
These Site Terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and this supersedes and replaces all previous or coexisting understandings/agreements, written/oral, with respect to the subject matter. If any of these conditions is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that provision shall be severed from these conditions and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
11. For any issue or query
In case customer have any issue/query he/she will contact on 011 66487704 number Or send mail on email id customercare@careerguide.com and will be resolved on basis of severability of the complaint
12. Refund cancellation policy
You will be charged as set forth on the payment page. If you are not satisfied with your experience with the Service for any reason, then as your sole remedy and within ten (10) days of when you paid, you may request a refund by emailing us at customercare@careerguide.com. We want you to be satisfied and will make refunds in appropriate circumstances in our sole discretion.